have you ever played Sims or any similar
games where you created your own
character and you were completely in
control what this character does you
decide how they dress you decide where
they live you decide how they feel you
decide what they eat and what kind of
Life they experience now imagine you are
that character in your real life and you
have two choices you can either be that
character that you are in control of or
you can be an NPC a non-playable
character simply following the rules
Society has programmed you most people
live like NPCs in their own life they
simply wake up every day go to work
every day do the same thing over and
over again and just living their life
like someone else would control them
they are reacting to life going through
the emotions and following the
expectations that Society has brought up
onto them but there are a few ones and
luckily more and more people on this
Earth who consider thems as the main
character the character they are in
control of hi guys welcome back to my
channel my name is Mika and today I'm
going to explain to you how you can
design your life in an instant how you
can be the character where you are in
control of and not an NPC character
let's get into this see everything
starts with your mind actually it starts
in your mind the same way as in The Sims
your choices shape your character's
world in real life your thoughts and
emotions shape your reality if you are
now constantly believing I am unlucky I
have to work hard to make a lot of money
I am unworthy I am not able to find the
love of my life I do not have control
over my life then your character in this
game which is you will live a reality
that reflects those beliefs instead I
want you to start thinking like that
character that you want to become of I
want you to see yourself as a character
that you're in control of same way as in
The Sims before you start you are
programming the character of your sim so
you can also program your character you
need to start acting thinking and
speaking as that character that you want
to become and you can reprogram your
character with visualizations of
affirmations meditation with surrounding
yourself with what aligns with that
character same way as in a video game
the whole story line shifts as soon as
you are changing your character right
and I want you to do the same thing with
yourself next thing is everything is
energy and everything vibrates what does
this mean if you place now your sim
character in a surround
where it's dark where there are bad
people around then your character will
have it difficult in life your character
will adapt those energies around but if
you put that character in a luxurious
environment with high energy people then
this character will drive your energy is
influenced by your surroundings and if
you want or not you are adapting the
energy that you surround yourself with
people the places the habits all those
things you engage with shape your
reality for example if you surround
yourself with people who have healthy
relationships you are going to attract
healthy relationships in your life if
you are surrounding yourself with
business owners you are going to adapt
that energy and will probably also start
a business or minimum you will drive in
the job that you are having right now or
whatever you're doing right now if you
are surrounded and friends with party
goers then this will reflect in your
life even if you don't go with them to
party their energy their mindset their
way of living will be absorbed by you
and ultimately lowers your frequency and
your frequency is what your frequency
becomes your reality so I want you to
keep in mind your environment is not
just influencing you it's actually
programming you now ask yourself who and
what is shaping my reality right now
what do I do how is my life right now
and who is programming that who is
influencing that who is shaping that and
do I want to keep on with this do I want
to keep on with being all over the place
with being confused with not knowing
what I want or do I want to be actually
rich successful abundant do I want to be
loved what do you want and does it align
with who do you surround yourself and
what do you surround yourself in your
life does this align with the habits you
have on a daily basis and then remove
all low energy influences whatever it is
for you you will know once you sit down
with yourself and you ask yourself and
answer honestly to yourself and then go
out and look for people who embody
already the life that you want for
example when I wanted to visit Dubai for
the first time of my life and it didn't
seem like I could do that what I was
doing I was looking out for people who
already lived in Dubai and I was in
touch with them I tried to connect with
them and
unknowingly it came into my reality
without me doing a lot for it for
example if I want to be a more well
spoken person if I want to be a more
charismatic person I want to speak
better English yeah then I am going to
surround myself with people who are
native English speakers who who are
charismatic who know how to expresss who
know how to put their thoughts into
words and just by surrounding with those
people by surrounding myself with this
energy
automatically I adapted into my life I
adapted into my character so whatever it
is that you want I want you to find
people who have it already and then
surround yourself with those people it
doesn't matter what it is is it money is
it looks believe it or not even if you
want to look differently surround
yourself with people who look the way
you want to look and you will see how
you automatically will change not from
today to tomorrow but if you keep
integrating those energies in your life
if you keep integrating those people in
your life you your character is going to
change if you want to be successful
guess what surround yourself with
successful people doesn't matter in what
if you want to be a successful business
owner then surround yourself with
successful business owner that's it you
do not have to force success you just
need to align with that vibration of it
and nothing easier to align with and
vibration than to just integrated in
your life through surrounding yourself
with those people who have it already
next thing is your inner World creates
your outer world as within so without As
Above So Below now what does that mean
your outer life is a mirror of your
inner life if you are inside chaotic if
you are inside lost if you are inside
unsure that's what will reflect in your
life you will come across circumstances
situations and more people who will
reflect that in opposite if you build a
strong confident and focused inner world
the outer world will become structured
and successful think about adjusting
your Sims character once you adjust
those personality traits of your sim
character their outer world is going to
change if you adjust their confidence
and make it higher if you make them
ambitious if you make them charismatic
they will not naturally attract more
opportunities and naturally attract more
people in their life now how can you
apply this again this is not something
woo woo this is something pretty simple
and this is something how you can change
your life in an instant work on your
inner self meditate do journaling and
cultivate selfawareness if you skip
working on your inner world
good luck nothing is going to change and
your dream life or your desired reality
is not going to come if you think you
can keep working on your outter
experience and this is going to change
everything no honey you need to work on
your inside first you can work on your
outside you can work on your
circumstances you can change what you
want if you skip your mental part
you are going to be lost in this case
you need to develop the mindset of that
person that you want to be before you do
any external steps before you do any
external changes and then maintain
emotional control you have no clue how
important your emotions are when it is
about manifesting you have to be in
complete control of your emotional
reactions to outo experiences if you
keep being stressed if you keep being
frustrated if you keep negativity
dominate your thoughts that's what's
going to show up more and more in your
life and you do not want to have more
and more of things you do not want in
your life right your mind is literally
the control panel of your life upgrade
your programming and and your life will
follow the next thing is every action
has a reaction and nothing ever happens
by chance and if we go back to the
example of the Sims if you let your
character work out every day your
character is going to be fit if you let
your character read every day your
character is going to have a higher
knowledge level and if you let your
character your sim waste their time it's
going to stagnate in life and the game
is going to be boring your life operates
at the exact same rules the small habits
determine your future do not
underestimate those small habits think
about it if you read every day just 10
pages you will become highly
knowledgeable within a year if you eat
every day just 100 calories less 100
calories is like two ERS if you just eat
100 calories less you will transform
your body completely over time if you
network with only one successful person
only one a week your whole Social Circle
is going to change within a year honey
you have to stop thinking like an NPC
character where they think that success
comes from luck no you have to think
like a main character and understand
that every success is simply a result of
small habits over time I want you to
look at your daily day and identify your
small habits what do you do every day
and then think about the person you want
to become about the life that person has
and then think about those daily habits
and compare do my daily daily habits
align with the daily habits of that
person I want to become if yes great
keep it if no change it remove them from
your daily schedule and change them
small but consistent changes instead of
waiting for that one big change because
that's not going to happen without the
small changes always keeping mind what
you do today is going to determine your
future you have to focus on your
long-term results for doing that if you
focus on your long-term results it's way
easier to stick to something if I'm
thinking I'm reading 10 pages a day
because after a certain amount of time I
will have read a whole book it's great
but if I'm thinking oh it's just 10
pages why should I do just 10 pages what
do 10 pages do then I'm not going to do
those 10 pages either right so if you
switch that perspective and you always
think about that long-term goal it's way
easier to stick to it and it's way
easier to be consistent with it same as
in The Sims your character with those
levels when they go up your character
levels up with consistent growth
consistent actions towards growth and of
course honey do not neglect that
everything has an opposite before you
level up most of the time even in games
you are going to face struggles because
if you play a game that has levels how
can you level up if you cannot manage
level one you're not going to be facing
struggles of level two when you cannot
overcome the struggles of level one
right so just as in the game it is in
life you have to understand that
struggles setbacks are nothing else than
part of the process and most people they
do give up when difficulties arise they
do give up but when they play a game
they find this as a challenge and they
are fired they they are burning to
overcome this challenge see it as a game
honey when a difficulty arise you cannot
just give up you need to understand that
opposition is part of the game let's say
you face Financial struggles it's simply
a test to see if you can develop money
skills if you can learn how to deal even
with money you think it's easy to deal
with money you think money doesn't come
with a lot of
responsibility it does honey it does and
to be able to handle that amount of
money you need to First prove that you
are able to do so so you need to First
be able to to get through level one in
order to get through level two in order
to get through level three and so on and
this is just about money right now but
you can extrapolate this to any
situation in your life let's say you
feel lonely it's just a phase before you
find people who truly appreciate and
love you who you truly appreciate and
love it's a facee for you to sit back
and love yourself the right way first or
you fail in business it's simply a
lesson leading you to your next success
maybe you're not supposed to do that
kind of business maybe there is
something better for you waiting maybe
there is something different for you
waiting maybe you have other desires way
more important for you than this
business now how can you apply this I
want you to stop resisting challenges
and see them as part of your journey I
keep saying this in all of my videos
every struggle every challenge every
setback every heartbreak whatever it is
is part of the journey when things go
wrong see them as training see them as
I'm about to level up put yourself in a
third person position and think about a
video game see your life as a video game
and you will understand this is not
happening to you this is happening for
you in order to level up to the next
level and then stay committed because
guess what most people they give up just
right before they level up and that's
why they never make it once you give up
you have given up you have to start
again never ever give up my love if
you're facing difficulties it simply
means you are on the right path at that
point point just keep playing the game I
want you to see your life as a video
game and see yourself as a third person
character because once you do that you
are not so attached anymore to your
outcomes to your emotions to whatever
happens to you or whatever happens for
you and you can zoom out and see it from
above you can see it from that third
person perspective and and you are not
anymore so involved with it which makes
you overcome struggles more easy which
makes you take risks more easy which
makes you follow your path more easy and
makes you understand hey this is just
life this is just a game everything is
better than being stagnant everything is
better than having a boring life
everything is better than being an NPC
character in your own life I want want
you to finally take control over your
life I want you to design your life the
way you want it to be and believe me yes
it can you just have to do the work but
once you do the work I promise you can
change your whole life in an instant
anyways guys thank you so much for
watching I love you so much and I see
you in my next video bye-bye